So in the last lecture we started writing a custom comment callback.
So let's carry on now. We need to display the content of the comments.
So let's
after the date, let's call a function called comment_text(). And it doesn't need any arguments.
And as you can see now we have the content of the comment.
One more thing you can add to the comments. We have in the Discussion Settings in the wp-admin.
You can choose to approve comments manually
every time someone writes a comment. So when someone writes a comment his comment will appear, but only him will
be able to see it until the admin approves it. So it will be nice to display a message to the user just
to let him know that his comment is still being reviewed, right? So to do that we can open PHP and then with an if condition
we will get the comment_approved property from the $comment object. And if that's equals to 0,
that means the comment is not approved.
So let's close PHP and in a P tag, I'm gonna give it a class
"c-comment__awaiting-moderation" and then echo some escaped and translated text.
So maybe "Your comment is awaiting moderation". And of course our text domain.
So great, now we find indeed
as you can see here there is no "Reply" link. And to output the "Reply" link
we use a function called comment_reply_link(). So after the comment text
let's use this function. And it can take some arguments in an array.
Let's see without the arguments what will happen. And we can't see anything, right?
So this function needs some arguments to appear.
It needs a"depth", the depth of the current comment. And we already have that in the arguments here.
And it also needs a "max_depth". And the maximum depth will be available in the arguments, in second argument
So "$args
"$args['max_depth']"
And as you can see we now have the button.
And now if you click on it the Reply form will appear.
But let's go to, let's click cancel.
Let's go to the first page where we had a nested comment. And let's now try to reply to this one and as you
can see the form will appear after the comment and after it's replies as well. I think it's much better
for the reply form to appear just below the comment that we are replying to.
Right?
So this comment_reply_link() function also takes an argument called "add_below" and this will be an ID for
an HTML element.
So let's call it "div-
"div-comment"
And what this argument to do it will ad
the Reply form after a DIV that has this ID concatenated with dash and the ID of the comment.
So in other words we need the comment, the Reply form to be added after this comment, after the ARTICLE
tag,
right? And before the children. So we needed to be added after the ARTICLE tag. So we'll just have to give
the ARTICLE tag and ID of "div-comment" which we added here. And then "-" the comment ID. So let's do that.
Let's go to the ARTICLE and give it an ID. And you can copy this.
And let's see now. And as you can see the Reply link will be added just after the ARTICLE tag for the comment. This function
also takes "before" and "after".
If you would like to wrap your reply link in some HTML element.
So in my case I added a class of "c-comment__reply-link". And
then "after" just close the DIV.
And I just styled this DIV to be aligned to the right here.
So that's mainly it. What you need to do next is
you need to check all the test comments. And you need to check that everything is styled properly and
also functions properly.
Let's go to the other page. So these comments test your HTML elements. And this cells you
this is an anonymous user.
There should not be a Gravatar associated with it.
If you activate the Gravatar service you can try it out.
There should not be a gravatar appearing here. And this will happen automatically, you won't have to
do anything about it.
We also have an "Author Comments". And usually Author Comments like Sticky Posts should be styled a bit
differently.
So an Aythor Comment means a comment by the author of the post.
But apparently this is not an author comment.
So let's try to do this ourselves real quick here.
Let's go to the post that we created as an admin. And let's type a comment.
And let's inspect. And you'll find that since this is your post, the comment_class() function will generate a function
called byuser().
So you should go to your CSS and style this "byuser"class a bit differently.
You should Author Comment stand out a little bit more than normal comments. So
let's go back, we need to do one more thing
So we created this callback function, but let's assume some child theme developer wants to override the comments.
comments.php template. And maybe he needs to change this to 300 and change the reply text as we did.
But he also wants to still use your callback.
So if you take a look now you'll find that the reply text is still "Reply" and the avatar is still the size is not
not changed.
So when we're writing a callback function for the comments,
we need take these arguments into consideration. So let's see what we should do in the next lecture.